JANE: You said you were coming back.
Where were you?
THOR: Bifrost was destroyed.
The Nine Realms erupted into chaos.
Wars were raging,
marauders were pillaging.
I had to put an end to the slaughter.
As excuses go, it's not terrible.
JANE: I'm telling you,
there's a connection
between these atmospheric disturbances
and my research.
Go!
Do me a favor and don't be dead.
-Name?
-He said it was Thor?
And your relationship to him?
I've never met him before.
You saw what I saw last night.
He's promising us the answers.
I'll tell you everything you wish to know.
Everything?
God, I hope you're not crazy.
Your world is one
of the Nine Realms of the cosmos.
Your ancestors called it magic,
and you call it science.
Well, I come from a place
where they're one and the same thing.
JANE: Look, what do you see?
-Stars.
-Yeah, but not our stars.
If there's an Einstein-Rosen Bridge,
then something's on the other side.
Advanced beings
could have crossed it.
Jane.
You won't be able to convince
the scientific community of any of it.
Not without hard evidence.
Was somebody else coming?
THOR: Jane, you have to leave.
If you're staying, then so am I.
What's he doing?
(GROANS)
Oh. My. God.
So, is this how you normally look?
-More or less.
-It's a good look.
THOR: I must go back to Asgard,
but I give you my word,
I will return for you.
How is she?
HEIMDALL: She's quite clever, your mortal.
She doesn't know it yet,
but she studies the Convergence as well.
THOR: What?
I can't see her.
DARCY: Jane!
Tell me you didn't call the police.
You were gone for five hours.
What?
This is private property
and you're trespassing, the lot of you.
You have to come with me.
THOR: Jane!
This is not of Earth. What is it?
We do not know.
But she will not survive the amount
of energy surging within her.
THOR: I brought her here
because we can help her.
She does not belong here in Asgard
any more than a goat belongs
at a banquet table.
Did he just... Who do you think you are?
I am Odin, King of Asgard.
Oh.
-Well, I'm...
-I know very well who you are,
Jane Foster.
You told your dad about me?
No, I would not...
(GRUNTS)
JANE: What's going to happen to me?
I'll find a way to save you, Jane.
You must be truly desperate
to come to me for help.
I'm Loki, you may have
heard of me. (GRUNTS)
That was for New York.
I like her.
You know, this plan of yours
is going to get us killed.
Possibly.
Malekith! I am Loki of Jotunheim
and I bring you a gift.
Malekith is gonna destroy everything.
SELVIG: Are you sure
this is going to work?
You might want to hold on to something.
That is awesome!
JANE: Thor!